chore: add missing content about renamed plugins; fix links to the new books and remove hardcoded link to 1.2 docs (RHIDP-4293) (#570)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/release-notes/snip-removed-functionality-rhidp-4293.adoc

[id="removed-functionality-rhidp-4293"]

> = Some plugins have changed scope

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Plugins with updated scope
```

> With this update, 3 plugins previously under the `@janus-idp` scope have moved to `@backstage-community`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this update, three plugins previously under the `@janus-idp` scope have moved to `@backstage-community`:
```

[%header,cols=2*]
|===
|*RHDH 1.2 Plugin Name* |*RHDH 1.3 Plugin Name*

> | @janus-idp/backstage-plugin-argocd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-argocd`
```

> | @backstage-community/plugin-redhat-argocd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `@backstage-community/plugin-redhat-argocd`
```

> | @janus-idp/backstage-plugin-3scale-backend 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-3scale-backend`
```

> | @backstage-community/plugin-3scale-backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `@backstage-community/plugin-3scale-backend`
```

> | @janus-idp/backstage-plugin-catalog-backend-module-scaffolder-relation-processor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-catalog-backend-module-scaffolder-relation-processor`
```

> | @backstage-community/plugin-catalog-backend-module-scaffolder-relation-processor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `@backstage-community/plugin-catalog-backend-module-scaffolder-relation-processor`
```

|===

> Dynamic plugin configuration has therefore also changed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the scope of the previous plugins has been updated, the dynamic plugin configuration has also changed.
```

[%header,cols=2*]
|===
|*RHDH 1.2 Configuration* |*RHDH 1.3 Configuration*

| link:https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-showcase/blob/1.2.x/dynamic-plugins.default.yaml[dynamic-plugins.default.yaml]
| link:https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-showcase/blob/release-1.3/dynamic-plugins.default.yaml[dynamic-plugins.default.yaml]
|===

.Procedure

> * If your workload requires these plugins, update your configuration to use the newest plugins from the new scope. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If your workload requires plugins with an updated scope, revise your configuration to use the latest plugins from the new scope.
```
